README.md, before:

# Quick-Workspace-Setup

![](./Img/Banner.png)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?logo=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/pipenv/locked/python-version/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=yellow&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=success&style=for-the-badge)

## What is QWS?

Quick Workspace Setup is an application that allows you to save your favourite programmes and files in a customised mode so that you may launch them all at once with a single click the next time!

## Some Screen Shots of the app

![](./Img/Add_mode.png)

>
![](./Img/Open_mode.png)

## Authors
[@parth25sareen](https://github.com/parth25sareen)

[@VikranthMaster](https://github.com/VikranthMaster)

## License
[This software is distributed under the MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

made changes to website
Co-Authored-By: VikranthMaster <69100217+VikranthMaster@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Quick-Workspace-Setup

![](./Img/Banner.png)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Commit Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup?color=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?logo=9cf&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/pipenv/locked/python-version/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=yellow&style=for-the-badge)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/parth25sareen/quick-workspace-setup?color=success&style=for-the-badge)

## What is QWS?

> Quick Workspace Setup is an application that allows you to save your favourite programmes and files in a customised mode so that you may launch them all at once with a single click the next time!

## Some Screen Shots of the app

>![](./Img/Add_mode.png)
>![](./Img/Open_mode.png)

## Motivation
> Quick Workspace Setup is an app created with the intention of making the day-to-day work flow of creative individuals easier. The QWS Software Foundation wishes to maintain the QWS open source and has no plans to monetise it. QWS was designed with the user's privacy in mind, therefore it does not disclose any information online with any third party and can also run offline.

## Download

> Download the latest version of QWS from [here](https://objects.githubusercontent.com/github-production-release-asset-2e65be/489352346/37d99ebc-1dc0-4de9-a996-8bbb5daab199?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAIWNJYAX4CSVEH53A%2F20220528%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20220528T093256Z&X-Amz-Expires=300&X-Amz-Signature=986d7ac69202bb3625ed8414c6b67b403d3af3ed1aeb94b864c7764da954fe1a&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&actor_id=66111742&key_id=0&repo_id=489352346&response-content-disposition=attachment%3B%20filename%3DQWS.Installer.exe&response-content-type=application%2Foctet-stream).
>
> You may get the most recent version of QWS from our [website](https://parth25sareen.github.io/Quick-Workspace-Setup/) or via [github releases](https://github.com/parth25sareen/Quick-Workspace-Setup/releases/tag/v1.0.0)

## Authors
>[@parth25sareen](https://github.com/parth25sareen)
> 
>[@VikranthMaster](https://github.com/VikranthMaster)

## License
>[This software is distributed under the MIT License](LICENSE)

<!-- <script> window.location.replace('https://parth25sareen.github.io/Quick-Workspace-Setup/website/home_1.0.0.html');</script> -->
